How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    yeah that helped

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    you can find the errors easier

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    auto does not make you forget it, manual makes you save at important moments instead of random moments.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    because they serve a different purpose

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    by comparing the various versions

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    you know you can always quickly reverse if necessary

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    this course and eventually a project we are working on
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
it could save time when you have made mistakes and get back to where the program still worked

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

you save only valuable commits and no nonsense

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	die andere systemen zijn niet voor code files gemaakt eigenlijk

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	ik moet eraan denken dat de vorige commit ONDER de commit met de change zit en niet erboven. Ook moet ik ervoor zorgen dat ik weet datik met Q uit de log kan komen en controle terug krijg.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	Ik kan altijd rustig terug gaan zonder veel moeite naar een versie de nog werktte

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	nou ik wil voornamelijk de test afmaken voor dyscalculiaservices en samenwerken met Coen op github

